are you tired of waking up in the
morning feeling well tired but not only
tired also achy sore fatigued and like
you just didn't get a good night of
sleep
millions of people experience sleep
deprivation interrupted sleep problems
and sometimes night after night not
getting a full night of sleep on a
nightly basis can lead to poor
performance at work an increase in
automobile collisions and a number of
other detrimental health effects however
the answer to a good night of sleep may
be easier than you think an adjustable
bed like the one from easy rest in this
video you're going to learn why an
adjustable bed may improve your quality
of sleep and ultimately your quality of
life at the end of this video you're
also going to learn how you may win your
very own adjustable bed from easy rest
each month easy rest gives an adjustable
bed to one lucky participant could the
next winner be you an adjustable bed may
be the answer to waking up feeling
refreshed and rejuvenated opposed to how
you usually feel which is a key and sore
adjustable beds offer unprecedented
support through a fully customizable
sleep experience so that you can find
the perfect sleep position for the best
night's sleep if you are a side sleeper
an adjustable bed can allow you to read
sleep talk on the phone or do anything
in bed without starting to feel that
familiar discomfort with an adjustable
bed you can make adjustments that fit
the contours of your body the same goes
if you're a back sleeper and even a
stomach sleeper on an old lumpy mattress
the only position you have is flat which
can put unwanted stress on your muscles
bones and other parts of your body not
only that but an adjustable mattress
allows you to streamline your sleep
experience no more do you have to sleep
with multiple pillows behind you
and no more do you have to toss and turn
throughout the night to find the
position that is the most comfortable
for you not only that but with easy rest
adjustable sleep experience you can have
your bed memorise your three favorite
positions so that once you find them
they'll always be available with the
simple touch of a button you all never
have to search for that perfect position
again when it comes to a fully
customizable sleep experience easy rest
offers an unprecedented sleep experience
are you ready for an adjustable sleep
experience it may be closer than you
think with easy rests adjustable Sleep
System easy rest is the premier maker of
adjustable beds because that is their
singular focus and right now when you
visit WWE see rest calm / sweeps 10 you
can enter to win your very own easy rest
adjustable bed for free that's right
free there's no obligation or purchase
necessary this is an estimated minimum
retail value of over eighteen hundred
dollars plus free delivery and
installation in less than 30 seconds you
can enter to win the easy rest
adjustable experience an experience that
will give you a lifetime of relaxation
and positional comfort to enter by phone
call one eight hundred seven oh six oh
five seven five one eight hundred seven
oh six oh five seven five or visit WWE
wrestler sweeps 10